Add Email Inviting Volenteers to Kit Sorting Day (#21)
srobo/volunteer-emails: SR2020/2019-09-24-kit-sorting-day.md

---
to: All Volunteers
subject: SR2020 Kit Sorting Day Southampton
---

Hello!

> As you are probably all aware Kickstart is approching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. 

Reviewer: Is there a specific location for this, or does that come later?

Author: So there are currently 4 different rooms on campus booked for us, I'm just trying to work out which one will work best before I settle on one. The main deciding factor will be the number of people. 

So it'll have to wait until after the replies

> As you are probably all aware Kickstart is approching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As many of you are aware, Kickstart is approching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. 
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you are probably all aware Kickstart is approaching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. 
```

> 

Reviewer: It might be worth documenting _what_ a kit prep day entails?

Author: Good Idea!

> We really do need all the help we can get! So if you are in the area and willing to attend, even just one day, please reply to this email or message [Tom Wheal (`@tom.wheal`)](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/kit-dev) on Slack! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We really do need all the help we can get! So if you are in the area and willing to attend, even for just a few hours, please reply to this email or message [Tom Wheal (`@tom.wheal`)](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/kit-dev) on Slack! 
```

---
to: All Volunteers
subject: SR2020 Kit Sorting Day Southampton
---

Hello!

> As many of you are aware, Kickstart is approaching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. The exact room will be confirmed at a later date!

Reviewer 3: Also "weekend" appears twice in the same sentence.

Author: Fixed

> As many of you are aware, Kickstart is approaching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. The exact room will be confirmed at a later date!

Reviewer 3: Also... this paragraph should _sell_ the idea of why the kit needs "sorting".  What's the reason for this?  Is it critical to SR's operation?  What is the "kit"?

> The day will involve testing and fixing kit along with packing it up into boxes ready for kickstart, more information on this is available on the [Runbook](https://srobo.github.io/runbook/kit/hardware/kit-collation/).

Reviewer 3: s/on the/in the/

Hello!

> As many of you are aware, Kickstart is approaching fast and this years kit needs to be sorted! To get all of this done a weekend of Kit Sorting is planned on the weekend of the **5-6th October** at the **University of Southampton**. The exact room will be confirmed at a later date!

Reviewer 3: Perhaps some information about what sort of times people will be needed?  (e.g. is it a 9 AM start?  What time does it finish?  Also, depending on how you are planning on orchestrating things, a drip-feed of arrivals throughout the day can be quite an impediment to progress -- or, if the drip-feed is what you desire, then a sudden arrival of a lot of people can be the impediment).

Also, can people who are not students of the UoS come?  (I know they can, but probably worth making this clear.)

Author: Good point

> The day will involve testing and fixing kit along with packing it up into boxes ready for kickstart, more information on this is available on the [Runbook](https://srobo.github.io/runbook/kit/hardware/kit-collation/).

Reviewer 3: Rather than pointing people to the "Runbook", it might just be a good idea to say that there isn't any technical expertise required, just a general enthusiasm to help out.  That way people don't feel like they have to know the detail of what the linked document says -- which they don't, as you are going to direct them!

You (@TomWheal) are running the event, and we volunteers are quite willing to just turn up and be directed toward whatever needs doing :smiley:

Reviewer 3: (Also, people may have no idea what this "runbook" thing is -- no need to make knowing what that is a prerequisite to coming.)

Author: Yeah, I agree, am updating

> We really do need all the help we can get! So if you are in the area and willing to attend, even for just a few hours, please reply to this email or message [Tom Wheal (`@tom.wheal`)](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/kit-dev) on Slack! 

Reviewer 3: Perhaps set a time/date that they will need to get back to you by?  Also get them to provide you with some info on the times they can come?

You must be quite tired-out given all the exclaiming you have been doing  :wink: :sleeping_bed:
